APM > .NET > DD_TRACE_METHODS configuration addition (#13516)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/setup/dotnet-framework.md

**Default**: `false`<br>
Added in version 1.23.0.

`DD_TRACE_METHODS`

> : List of classes and methods to trace. Accepts a semi-colon (`;`) delimited list where each entry has the format `TypeName[MethodNames]`, where `MethodNames` is a comma (`,`) delimited list of method names. For generic types, you must replace the angled brackets and the type parameters' names with a backtick (`` ` ``) followed by the number of generic type parameters, e.g. `Dictionary<TKey, TValue>` must be written as `` Dictionary`2 ``. For generic methods, you only need to specify the method name. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: List of classes and methods to trace. Accepts a semicolon (`;`) separated list where each entry has the format `TypeName[MethodNames]`, where `MethodNames` is a comma (`,`) separated list of method names. For generic types, replace the angled brackets and the type parameters' names with a backtick (`` ` ``) followed by the number of generic type parameters. For example, `Dictionary<TKey, TValue>` must be written as `` Dictionary`2 ``. For generic methods, you only need to specify the method name. <br>
```
